Add proposal for MUD NDP option (#2)
namib-project/draft-coap-mud: draft-jimenez-t2trg-mud-coap.md

## Neighbor Discovery Protocol (NDP)

IPv6 hosts do not require DHCP to get access to the default gateway.

> Using NDP {{!RFC4861}} and Stateless Address Autoconfiguration (SLAAC), nodes can configure global addresses on their own based on prefixes contained in NDP Router Advertisements (RAs).

Reviewer: I'm unsure whether it's proper etiquette to link to other RFCs everywhere, but since SLAAC has a corresponding RFC ([RFC 4862](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4862)), it could be linked here.
```suggestion
Using NDP {{!RFC4861}} and Stateless Address Autoconfiguration (SLAAC) {{!RFC4862}}, nodes can configure global addresses on their own based on prefixes contained in NDP Router Advertisements (RAs).
```

Author: Thank you! I incorporated your suggestions :)

> Therefore, DHCPv6 is typically not necessary for IPv6 hosts which is a problem for the distribution of MUD URLs for this kind of devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, DHCPv6 is typically not necessary for IPv6 hosts, which is a problem for the distribution of MUD URLs for these kinds of devices.
```
Small grammatical suggestion.

To solve this issue, this document introduces a new option for the NDP which makes it possible to emit a MUD URL in Router Solicitations and Neighbor Advertisements.
This option has the following format:

~~~~
0                   1                   2                   3
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 1
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|         Type                  |              Length           |
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|                            MUD URL                            |
|                                                               |

> +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+

Author: I just noticed that the option format is a bit off. Both type and length should have a length of 8-bit (cf. for example the CoRE RD [Resource Directory Address Option (RDAO)](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-core-resource-directory#section-4.1.1) for NDP). I will provide a fix for that soon.

Author: Fixed :)
